I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice –Abraham Lincoln
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives –Abbe Eban
When the music's over, turn off the lights –Adolf Hitler [last words]
I, at any rate, am convinced that He [God] does not throw dice –Albert Einstein
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new –Albert Einstein
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater –Albert Einstein
Things should be made as simple as possible, but not any simpler –Albert Einstein
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones –Albert Einstein
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax –Albert Einstein
I should've been a plumber –Albert Einstein
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer –Albert Einstein
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former –Albert Einstein
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough –Albert Einstein
I don't know what is the speed of sound. I don't carry information in my mind that is readily available in books –Albert Einstein
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it? –Albert Einstein
Black holes are where God divided by zero –Albert Einstein
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them –Albert Einstein
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself –Alfred Sheinwold
I would not fear a pack of lions led by a sheep, but I would always fear a flock of sheep led by a lion –Alexander the Great
Well, this is certainly a pleasant surprise –Andrew Mutton [last words]
Real Programmers always confuse Christmas and Halloween because Oct31 == Dec25! –Andrew Rutherford
Biedakow nigdy nie stac na nic, dlatego sa biedakami –Codringher –Andrzej Sapkowski, Czar Pogardy
Odejdz stad i wychedoz sie sam –Egzorcyzm –Andrzej Sapkowski, Ostatnie Zyczenie
Gdy cie maja wieszac, popros o szklanke wody. Nigdy nie wiadomo, co sie wydarzy, zanim przyniosa –Andrzej Sapkowski, Pani Jeziora
Lepiej zginac, niz zyc ze swiadomoscia, ze zrobilo sie cos, co wymaga wybaczenia –Yarpen Zigrin –Andrzej Sapkowski, Krew Elfow
Dobry elf, to martwy elf –Marszalek Milan Raupenneck –Andrzej Sapkowski, Krew Elfow
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most […] don't need to be done –Andy Rooney
Damn! A bullet! –Antonio Jose de Sucre [last words]
Bardzo zaawansowana technologia niewiele rozni sie od magii –Arthur Clarke
A bullet to his head won't bring back the dead, but it'll lift the spirit of my people! –Asian Dub Foundation, Assassin
Most men who are not married by the age of thirty-five are either homosexual or really smart –Becky Rodenbeck
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch –Benjamin Franklin
Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the ones in movies –Bill Bulko
I'll be in Hell before you start breakfast! –“Black Jack” Ketchum [last words]
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do –Burrhus Skinner
No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power –Charles Colton
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia –Charles Schultz
Why not? After all, it belongs to Him! –Charles Chaplin [last words]
There is no such thing as “trusted users” –+Chiron+ on alt.os.linux.slackware
Trust no one –Fox Mulder –Chris Carter, The X Files
In most of my work, the laws of physics rarely seems to apply –Fox Mulder –Chris Carter, The X Files
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months –Clifford Stoll
Many subjects aren't fun. I wonder how the fun-to-learn teacher handles the Holocaust, Rape of Nanking, or American slavery.. –Clifford Stoll
Why is it drug addicts and computer afficionados are both called users? –Clifford Stoll
My nie damy rady?! –Corwin
Zle, zle zawsze i wszedzie –Cyprian Kamil Norwid, Moja Pioseka [I]
Innego konca swiata nie bedzie –Czeslaw Milosz, Piosnka o koncu swiata
I may have invented control-alt-delete, but Bill Gates made it really famous –David Bradley
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity –Dennis Ritchie
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing –Dick Brandon
Why should I go where everyone goes? Why should I do what everyone does? –Die Toten Hosen, Pushed Again
I hope, Buddha doesn't exist - one life is pain enough –deadflesh @ #unix @ IRCNet
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move –Douglas Adams
In a world without walls and fences, who needs Windows and Gates? –Dino Esposito
Nie jestem wariatem, jestem samolotem –Dogbert
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it –Donald Knuth
The hardest thing is to go to sleep at night, when there are so many urgent things needing to be done –Donald Knuth
A huge gap exists between what we know is possible with today's machines and what we have so far been able to finish –Donald Knuth
An algorithm must be seen to be believed –Donald Knuth [attrib.]
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties –Doug Larson
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes –Edsger Dijkstra
The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim –Edsger Dijkstra
Learning BASIC causes permanent brain damage –Edsger Dijkstra
Teaching BASIC should be a criminal offense –Edsger Dijkstra
Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never to show their absence –Edsger Dijkstra
Such is life –Edward “Ned” Kelly [last words]
Masochizm wynika z niewiedzy –Edward Stachowski
To sin by silence when we should protest makes cowards out of men –Ella Wilcox
Stopien ucywilizowania spolecznosci najlepiej ocenic poznajac ich kryminalistow –Fiodor Dostojewski
The essence of war is violence. Moderation in war is imbecility –Fisher
Those who spend too much time on the little things usually become incapable of great ones –Francois de La Rochefoucauld [attrib.]
How can we expect others to keep our secrets if we cannot keep them ourselves? –Francois de La Rochefoucauld [attrib.]
Only great men have great faults –Francois de La Rochefoucauld [attrib.]
It is never more difficult to speak well than when one is ashamed to be silent –Francois de La Rochefoucauld [attrib.]
Spory nie trwalyby tak dlugo, gdyby brak slusznosci byl tylko po jednej stronie –Francois de La Rochefoucauld [attrib.]
The Earth is suffocating… Swear to make them cut me open, so that I won't be buried alive –Frederic Chopin [last words]
A jednak sie kreci! –Galileo Galilei
Wolnosc oznacza odpowiedzialnosc. Dlatego wiekszosc ludzi sie jej boi –George Shaw
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather did, not screaming like the passengers who were in his car.. –George Burns
Now I shall go to sleep. Goodnight –George Byron [last words]
Don't try to do it. Do it or don't do it –Yoda –Gorge Walton Lucas, Star Wars
Ucz sie na cudzych bledach. Zycie jest za krotkie, abys zdazyl je wszystkie popelnic –Gilbert Becaud
Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal if you are all thumbs –Glaser and Way
I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse –Vito Corleone –The Godfather
Never let anyone outside the family know what you're thinking –Vito Corleone –The Godfather
Never get angry. Never make a threat. Reason with people –Don Vito Corleone –The Godfather
Never hate your enemies. It clouds your judgement –Michael Corleone –The Godfather
I'll make him an offer he can't refuse –Michael Corleone –The Godfather
Aby czuc sie wolnym istnieje prosty sposob: nie szarpac i nie napinac smyczy –Hans Krailsheimer
If there's never been a suicide in your family, why don't you break the monotony? –Henny Youngman
The patient says “Doctor, it hurts when I do this.” “Then don't do that!” –Henny Youngman
I asked a Jewish man “Do you know where Michigan Avenue is?” He said “Yes”, and walked away –Henny Youngman
Die, my dear doctor, that's the last thing I shall do! –Henry Temple
Premature optimization is the root of all evil –Hoare's Dictum
Kiedy plonie dom sasiadow, stawka jest twoj wlasny dom –Horacy
If I have been able to see further, it was only because I stood on the shoulders of giants –Isaac Newton
God is Real, unless declared Integer –J. Allan Toogood
-We are but packets in the Internet of life. -Amen, brother –J. D. Frazer, UserFriendly
One Ping to rule them all, One Ping to find them, One Ping to bring them all and in the darkness bind them –J. D. Frazer, UserFriendly
There is only one satisfying way to boot a computer –J. H. Goldfuss
Houston, we have a problem –James Lovell
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true –James Cabell
They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction –Janet Reno
Zycie, to tylko niekonczaca sie proba przedstawienia, ktore nigdy sie nie odbedzie –Jean-Pierre Jeunet, Le Fabuleux destin d'Amelie Poulain
Hardware: the parts of a computer that can be kicked –Jeff Pesis
Just 100 more lines of code.. –Dwayne Duncan –Jeffrey Darlington, General Protection Fault
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence –Jeremy Anderson
Dammit… Don't you dare ask God to help me –Joan Crawford [last words]
He who hasn't hacked assembly language as a youth has no heart. He who does as an adult has no brain –John Moore
Will the people in the cheaper seats clap your hands? All the rest of you, if you'll just rattle your jewelry –John Lennon
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans –John Lennon
Music is everybody's possession. It's only publishers who think that people own it –John Lennon
Fixing Unix is easier than living with NT –Jonathan Gilpin
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable –John Kennedy
Mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind –John Kennedy
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich –John Kennedy
War is the science of destruction –John Abbott
Chcielismy dobrze, a wyszlo jak zawsze.. –Joseph Stalin [attrib.]
Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile –Karl Lehenbauer
Chcecie mnie powiesic, to mnie powiescie –Kazik Staszewski, Poznaj swoj raj
Hitler powtarzal tez, ze nie chce wojny wcale –Kazik Staszewski, Mars napada
When in doubt, use brute force –Kenneth Thompson
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code –Kenneth Thompson
Najslabszym ogniwem w kazdym systemie bezpieczenstwa sa ludzie –Kevin Mitnick
When all else fails, read the instructions –L. Iasellio
Only human –Agent Brown –Larry & Andy Wachowski, The Matrix
There is no spoon –Spoon Boy –Larry & Andy Wachowski, The Matrix
Do you think that's air you're breathing now? –Morpheus –Larry & Andy Wachowski, The Matrix
Choice is an ilusion created between those with a power and those without –Romero Vinci –Larry & Andy Wachowski, The Matrix
Be consistent –Larry Wall in the perl man page
double value; /* or your money back! */ short changed; /* so triple your money back! */ –Larry Wall in cons.c
I don't know if it's what you want, but it's what you get. :-) –Larry Wall
I think it's a new feature. Don't tell anyone it was an accident. :-) –Larry Wall on s/foo/bar/eieio
It is easier to port a shell than a shell script –Larry Wall
Just don't create a file called -rf. :-) –Larry Wall
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. :-) –Larry Wall
Odd that we think definitions are definitive. :-) –Larry Wall
The computer should be doing the hard work. That's what it's paid to do, after all –Larry Wall
Even the White House has a press agent. :-) –Larry Wall
I'm reminded of the day my daughter came in, looked over my shoulder at some Perl 4 code, and said, “What is that, swearing?” –Larry Wall
Shall we play a game? –Joshua –Lawrence Lasker, Walter F. Parkes, WarGames
Mowca powinien wyczerpac temat, nie sluchaczy –Leonard Churchill
No one can guarantee success in war, but only deserve it –Leonard Churchill
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite –Leonard Churchill
I'm bored with it all –Leonard Churchill [last words]
The grim fact is that we prepare for war like precocious giants and for peace like retarded pygmies –Lester Pearson
Gdy filozof dojdzie do konca drogi do madrosci, dowiaduje sie rzeczy, jakie ludzie prosci i madrzy wiedzieli od zawsze –Leszek Kolakowski
Jak odmienny sens moga miec identycznie brzmiace twierdzenia, umieszczone w roznych doktrynach –Leszek Kolakowski
Dijkstra probably hates me –Linus Torvalds in kernel/sched.c v1.1.42
My name is Linus, and I am your God –Linus Torvalds
Only wimps use tape backup: real men just upload their important stuff on ftp, and let the rest of the world mirror it –Linus Torvalds
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children –Linus Torvalds
The Linux philosophy is to laugh in face of danger. Oops. Wrong one. 'Do it yourself' That's it –Linus Torvalds
Talk is cheap. Show me the code –Linus Torvalds
In short: just say NO TO DRUGS, and maybe you won't end up like the Hurd people –Linus Torvalds
If you still don't like it, that's ok: that's why I'm boss. I simply know better than you do –Linus Torvalds
Software is like sex; it's better when it's free –Linus Torvalds [attrib.]
How should I know if it works? That's what beta testers are for. I only coded it –Linus Torvalds [attrib.]
Those who can't hear the music think the dancers are insane –Templeton Judgement
Applaud, my friends, the comedy is finished –Ludwig van Beethoven [last words]
Ala ma kota –Marian Falski
Kiedy mam oczekiwac procesu za zniewazanie symboli religijnych przez publiczne uzywanie znaku dodawania? –Marek Szyjewski
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't –Margaret Thatcher
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions –Mark Twain
Better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a fool than to open it and remove all doubt –Mark Twain
Nothing good ever comes of violence –Martin Luther
[reason] is the Devil's greatest whore –Martin Luther
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends –Martin Luther King [attrib.]
Take a look to the sky just before you die –Metallica, For Whom The Bell Tolls
Before you judge me take a look at you –Metallica, Holier Than Thou
To secure peace is to prepare for war –Metallica, Don't Tread on Me
Life is ours, we live it our way –Metallica, Nothing Else Matters
Kill, it's such a friendly word, Seems the only way, For reaching out again –Metallica, Welcome Home
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life –Michael Sinz
Zycie to jedna wielka mistyfikacja –Michal Nazarewicz
Tandeta nad tandetami i wszystko tandeta –Michal Nazarewicz
Kiedy nie bede mogl programowac, nadejdzie czas na smierc –Michal Nazarewicz
To smutne, gdy zakladasz regule spam if $topic =~ /friend/ –Michal Nazarewicz
Bo zawzdy ci wiecej jedza, ktorzy blizej misy siedza –Mikolaj Rej
Look at things what we created, I'm not proud what we have done –Narnia, Angels are Crying
Computing is not about computers any more. It is about living –Nicholas Negroponte
Prawdziwy chomik musi w zyciu zrobic trzy rzeczy: najesc sie, wyspac sie i zdechnac –NiTa
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong –Norm Schryer
They don't make bugs like Bunny anymore –Olav Mjelde
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes –Oscar Wilde
To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable –Oscar Wilde
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself –Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
Sooner or later we have all to pay for what we do –Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
I love talking about nothing, father. It is the only thing I know anything about –Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
Women have a wonderful instinct about things. They can discover everything except the obvious –Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband
My wallpaper and I are fighting a duel to the death. One or the other of us has to go –Oscar Wilde [last words]
A true friend stabs you in the front –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
I have nothing to declare except my Genius –Oscar Wlide [attrib.]
My own business bores me to death. I prefer other people's –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
No man is rich enough to buy back his own past –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
The one duty we owe to history is to rewrite it –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
What a pity that in life we only get our lessons when they are of no use to us –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
Life is too important to be taken seriously –Oscar Wilde [attrib.]
Besides, I think Slackware sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you? –Patrick Volkerding
God may not play dice with the universe, but something strange is going on with the prime numbers –Paul Erdos
UNIX is an operating system, OS/2 is half an operating system, Windows is a shell, and DOS is a boot partition virus –Peter Coffin
Sa rzeczy na niebie i ziemi, o ktorych nie snilo sie filozofom. Wiekszosc z nich jest w Polsce –Piotr Baltroczyk
Trzeba milczec albo mowic rzeczy lepsze od milczenia –Pitagoras
Nie zapowiadaj tego, co zamierzasz uczynic, bo jesli ci sie nie uda, wysmieja cie –Pittakos
Only the dead have seen the end of word –Plato
Love your country, but never trust its government –Robert Heinlein
There are no dangerous weapons; there are only dangerous men –Robert Heinlein
A generation which ignores history has no past-and no future –Robert Heinlein
Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done, and why. Then do it –Robert Heinlein
Climate is what you expect, weather is what you get –Robert Heinlein
Courage is the complement of fear. A man who is fearless cannot be courageous –Robert Heinlein
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity –Robert Heinlein
One man's “magic” is another man's engineering. “Supernatural” is a null word –Robert Heinlein
Being right too soon is socially unacceptable –Robert Heinlein [attrib.]
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance –Robert Coveyou,
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so –Robert Orben
Anyone who quotes me in their sig is an idiot –Rusty Russell
Diagnosing computer problems over IRC is like trying to diagnose brain cancer with a pointy stick –Mr_Saturn
I'm going to live forever, or die trying! –Spider Robinson [attrib.]
Dopoki nie skorzystalem z Internetu, nie wiedzialem, ze na swiecie jest tylu idiotow –Stanislaw Lem
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible –Stanislaw Lem
byla to wielka i niezmiernie pracowita, na wiele stron maszynopisu rozlozona brednia –Stanislaw Lem
Nikt nic nie czyta, a jesli czyta, to nic nie rozumie, a jesli nawet rozumie, to nic nie pamieta –Stanislaw Lem, Opowiesci o pilocie Pirxie
Trzeba sie uczyc, a nie chodzic do szkoly –Stanislaw Lipinski
A poniewaz czuje sie jeszcze mniej kompetentny, chetnie sie wypowiem –Stanislaw Tym
If you live each day as if it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right –Steve Jobs
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window –Steve Wozniak
Wherever smart people work, doors are unlocked –Steve Wozniak [attrib.]
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture –Steven Wright
When he gets older, I'd tell him he used to have a brother, but he didn't obey –Steven Wright
Someone sent me a postcard picture of the earth. On the back it said, “Wish you were here.” –Steven Wright
It's a good thing we have gravity or else when birds died they'd just stay right up there. Hunters would be all confused –Steven Wright
You can't have everything. Where would you put it? –Steven Wright
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time –Steven Wright
Why is “abbreviated” such a long word? –Steven Wright
I think it's wrong that the game Monopoly is made by only one company –Steven Wright
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize –Steven Wright
Borrow money from pessimists–they don't expect it back –Steven Wright
Half the people you know are below average –Steven Wright
99% of lawyers give the rest a bad name –Steven Wright
42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot –Steven Wright
All those who believe in psychokinesis, raise my hand –Steven Wright
How do you tell when you're out of invisible ink? –Steven Wright
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something –Steven Wright
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane –Steven Wright
Hard work pays off in the future, laziness pays off now –Steven Wright
I intend to live forever–so far, so good –Steven Wright
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends? –Steven Wright
My mechanic told me, “I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.” –Steven Wright
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried –Steven Wright
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking –Steven Wright
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it –Steven Wright
The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread –Steven Wright
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research –Steven Wright
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up –Steven Wright
Not with dreams but with blood and iron, shall a nation be moulded at last –Swinburne
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers –Sydney Harris
Base eight is just like base ten really, if you're missing two fingers –Thomas Lehrer
Maybe we are short of offensive fortunes –Thomas Overgaard on alt.os.linux.slackware
Pozyteczna praca jest zawsze cicha i niezauwazalna –Tolstoj
I don't even have an e-mail address. I have reached an age where my main purpose is not to receive messages –Umberto Eco
Because I felt like killing a Monk –Umberto Eco [attrib.]
Jesus Christ, who are these people? –Bill Gates
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you –William Clark [attrib.]
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get –Forrest Gump's mom –Winstion Groom, Forrest Gump
I guess sometimes there just aren't enough rocks –Forrest Gump –Winstion Groom, Forrest Gump
There's many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys, it is all hell –William Sherman
To takie typowo polskie. Jak cos to ten, a jak ten to ten –Wojciech Boratynski
Moglbym byc waszym ojcem, gdybym sie postaral –Wojciech Boratynski
No co? Kazdy sie kiedys urodzil –Wojciech Boratynski
Moze i tak nie jest, ale w gruncie rzeczy tak jest –Wojciech Boratynski
- Czyli jestem euroentuzjasta? - No nie chce cie obrazic –Wojciech Boratynski
I don't mind your thinking slowly; I mind your publishing faster than you think –Wolfgang Pauli [attrib.]
Herbata od mieszania nie zrobi sie slodsza, w tym celu bowiem trzeba dosypac cukru –Zygmunt Mycielski
/* You are not expected to understand this */ –comment in the context-switching code of the V6 Unix kernel
Welcome to DALNet! Where the men are men, the women are men, and the teenage girls are undercover FBI Agents! –DALNet IRC Welcome Message
recursion n.: See Recursion –The Jargon File
No! I distinctly said 'Tie Strap A to hook B', it's not my fault if you matched up the letters –Overheard at the NASA Control Room
If we built this large wooden badger.. –Overheard at the NASA Control Room
How many times did I tell those Italian guys that pasta makes a bad tether?! –Overheard at the NASA Control Room
Columbia, please repeat, sounded like you said 'OOPS' –Overheard at the NASA Control Room
Endless Loop: n., see Loop, Endless. Loop, Endless: n., see Endless Loop –Random Shack Data Processing Dictionary
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it –The Roman Rule
It works, sort of –Xerox Labs, 1973
The world is coming to an end! Repent and return those library books!
43rd Law of Computing: Anything that can go wr Segmentation violation, Core dumped
Hey! I hate these Microsoft guys! What a rotten compiler! It only accepts 16,384 local variables in a function!
The world is going for shut down. Please log off
There are 10 kinds of people in the world, those that understand binary and those that don't
There are 10 kinds of people in the world, those that understand trinary, those that don't, and those that confuse it with binary
Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code
UNIX is user-friendly. It's just very selective about who its friends are
Don't take life too seriously: it isn't permanent
The software said it requires Win95 or better, so I installed Linux
Linux, WinNT, MS-DOS - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Linux: The choice of a GNU generation
Linux: Because a PC is a terrible thing to waste
Linux: Because rebooting is for adding new hardware
Linux: Where do you want to fly today?
Computers are like airconditioners - they stop working properly if you open Windows
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?
Jak krasc to miliony, jak ruch*c to ksiezniczki, a jak Linux to Slackware
If you think of MS-DOS as mono, and Windows as stereo, then Linux is Dolby Pro-Logic Surround Sound with Bass Boost and all the music is free
God, root, what's the difference?
Jak rzadzi sie siwatem i prowadzi go do wojen? Politycy oklamuja dziennikarzy, a gdy przeczytaja te klamstwa w gazetach, zaczynaja w nie wierzyc
Ludzie sa jak Windows: Kazdy ma jakiegos wirusa
Moze dla swiata jestes nikim, ale dla kogos mozesz byc calym swiatem
Nie nalezy sie gniewac na bieg wypadkow, nic ich to bowiem nie obchodzi
Z prawdziwa miloscia jest tak jak z pojawieniem sie duchow; wszyscy o nich mowia, ale malo kto je widzial
Na poczatku byl chaos i tak juz zostalo
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System
Badz czujny, root nie spi!
Hey, ISPs, leave our packets alone!
Never date a tennis player; to them love means nothing
Dobrze, czy zle - byle z nazwiskiem
Lubie banery flashowe; bo ich nie widze
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first
This system will self-destruct in five minutes
jedni lubia Opera, inni Firefoxa, a jeszcze inni sciagac trojany ;) –Hihnt
Thou shalt not follow the NULL pointer, for chaos and madness await thee at its end
When everyone is against you, it means that you are absolutely wrong–or absolutely right –Albert Guinon
Never assume malice when stupidity will suffice
Any sufficiently advanced incompetence is indistinguishable from malice
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicappe–Elbert G. Hubbard
It's better to be a geek then an idiot
Ja naprawde chcialbym zmienic swiat, ale nie dali mi zrodla
Wiesz, ze to mi³osc, kiedy pamietasz jej adres IP, zeby ominac lagi DNS-a
Na klawiaturze zycia zawsze trzymaj jeden palec nad klawiszem escape
Kto chcialby byc cool, kiedy mozesz byc geekiem?
boost? Tak, tak. Wlasnie zaczalem kompilowac. Za tydzien bedzie gotowy, chyba ze zabraknie mi miejsca na moim 120GB dysku.
na kolosie z iop'ow sa diagramy, za sporo punktow, co pewnie wiesz; ale pewnie nie wiesz, ze sacha ocenia binarnie– dobrze - 1pkt, zle 0pkt
Death! Death is coming. Death is here. Death is outside, there is no escape. Death will catch you.
Did you know? If you rearrange letters in the word Slackware you get Satan.
When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead.  True story. –Barney Stinson from How I Met Your Mother
When I get sick, I stop being sick, and be awesome instead. –Barney Stinson from How I Met Your Mother
It's the perfect setup.  Any time we start getting into an argument, we just have sex instead. –Barney Stinson from How I Met Your Mother
http://bash.org.pl/438742/
http://bash.org/?127039
http://bash.org/?414593
http://bash.org/?4753
http://bash.org/?868827
http://bash.org/?top
http://blog.wikiyu.net/2008/10/22/programmers-song/
http://img151.imageshack.us/img151/8065/dsc00367oo0.jpg
http://quotes.burntelectrons.org/3131
http://stallman.org/editorfather.html
http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=6204903272262158881&hl=en
http://www.collegehumor.com/video:1907543
http://www.karpaty.pl/ciekawostki/wiersz/wiersz_milosza.htm
http://www.osnews.com/images/comics/wtfm.jpg
http://www.technonews.pl/Technonews/1,94439,6655302,Informatycy_sa_swietnymi_kochankami.html
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CaIqW1WfPI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wS5xOZ7Rq8
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNNEJb1F_og
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zV5UTHRx0a4
http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2009/05/landmark-study-drm-truly-does-make-pirates-out-of-us-all.ars
http://qdb.us/250200
Bez seeda i salomon nie pobierze –dende
http://qdb.us/300988
http://jakenbake.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/google-web-quality.png
http://www.guardian.co.uk/technology/appsblog/2012/jan/30/angry-birds-music-midem
I'm tired of Hollywooders thinking IP policy “stakeholders” fit in a room & don't include the public. –Ali Sternburg
http://youtu.be/cZ7LzE3u7Bw
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2661#comic
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?db=comics&id=2508
As a programmer, it is your job to put yourself out of business. What you do today can be automated tomorrow. –Douglas McIlroy
The real hero of programming is the one who writes negative code. –Douglas McIlroy
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/08/technology/patent-wars-among-tech-giants-can-stifle-competition.html
http://www.wired.com/opinion/2012/11/ff-steven-levy-the-patent-problem/all/
http://www.brankovukelic.com/2013/01/on-state-of-windows-on-desktop.html
